https://codepen.io/JNutall90/pen/jOMddpq

    1. What is Semantic HTML? correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page
    2. What is HTML used for? allows search engines, screen readers, and other user devices determine the significance and context of web content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provide additional information about HTML elements at the start of a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? most important header, only 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? title
    7. What is an id? used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? as many as you want
    10. What is a class? an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? multiple
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 1
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? default img
    15. How do I reference an id? id tag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section is grouped content, a div has no special meaning 
    17. What is CSS used for? style an HTML doc
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text.transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -f it is a permanate delete 
    34. Why should I use version control? keep track of changes and keep everyone on the same version.
    35. How often should I commit to github? when you update a file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Find a project you want to contribute to
    Fork it 
    Clone it to your local system
    Make a new branch
    Make your changes
    Push it back to your repo
    Click the Compare & pull request button
    Click Create pull request to open a new pull request